1. What is NPM?
A. Npm is package manager which provide and help in adding different package to our application which in turn 
   provide more power to our react application. It boast the performance the applications.

2. What is Parcel/Webpack? Why do we need it.
A. Parcel/Webpack is a bundlers, which has different package/modules into it.
   We need them to make our developemnt code ready for production. These bundlers make our code more optimized, minified,
   compatible with diffrent browser and much more.

3. What is parcel-cache?
A. Parcel-cache is loaction where parcel store all the previous build related information. This help parcel to retrive
   previous build information and which in turn reduce the build duration.

4. What is npx?
A. Npx stands for 'Node package execute', it is npm package runner which execute any package of npm even if that is not 
   installed.

5. What is difference between dependencies and dev-dependencies?
A. In package.json the dependencies module will be used during developemnt and also in production.
   but dev-dependencies will only be used during developemnt.

6. What is tree shaking?
A. Tree shaking is term commonly used within javascript to describe the removal of dead code.
   When bundling multiple files into single it removes the dead code which is important for production ready.

7. What is Hot Module Replacement?
A. HMR imporves the developemnt experience bu updating the module in the browser at runtime without need of 
   whole page refresh. That means the application state can be retained as you change small things into your code.

8. List down your favourite 5 superpowers of Parcel and describe any 3 of them in your own words.
A. Minify : This power of parcel help to minimize the size of code by removing the extra space's and other jargans.
            Its reduce the file size to much extent and the app is light weighted.

   Cashing : Parcel caches everything it builds to disk. If you restart the dev server, Parcel will only rebuild 
             files that have changed since the last time it ran. Parcel automatically tracks all of the files, 
             configuration, plugins, and dev dependencies that are involved in your build.

   Hot reloading : When you make any changes in code parcel automatically upadte the code in browser, no 
                   page reloading necessary.

   Code splitting
   Image optimization

9. What is .gitignore? What should we add and not add into it? 
A. .gitignore is a git file that is used as refrence while we push our code to git basically the filename present
   under this would be ignored while we push our code to git server.

   We should add all those files which can easily be rendered with the helip of package.json and package-lock.json.
   like -> .parce-cache, dist, node_modules.

   We should not add our source code, package.json, package-lock.json and media files.

10. What is the difference between package.json and package-lock.json?
A.  package.json stores breif information about project and dependent package.
    whereas, package-lock.json stores details information about each dependent package and modules. it conatin name, 
    dependencies and locked version of project.

11. Why should I not modify package-lock.json?
A.  We should avoid modifying the package-lock.json bcoz it is auto generated file rather manually desined.
    Its purpose is to track the entire tree dependencies and exact version of each dependency.

12. What is node_modules ? Is it a good idea to push that on git?
A.  node module is a directory which stores all install packages of node. Node.js is trained to look for this folder
    in order to find the dependent packages is installed or not.
    No, the node module should never ne pushed to git since it is very heavy object. We can easily generate the 
    node module with the information from package.json and package-lock.json.

13. What is the dist folder?
A.  dist folder is a place where developed code are converted to optimized and production ready. dist folder is used 
    when production build of application is done.

14. What is browserlists?
A.  Browserslist is a tool that allows specifying which browsers should be supported by your application by 
    specifying "queries" in a config file.
    
    Ex: "browserslist": ["last 2 major versions"] ==> your application will run on the last 2 major versions of all available browsers.