Homework Day-1: 

1. What does Emmet do?
A. Emmet is kind of add-ons or plug-in for code editors that allow high speed coding into HTML, XML and 
   other structured code via code assist.  

2. Difference between libraries and frameworks?
A. Libraries is something limited to module. class, object, functions and pre-written code.
    Ex: Jquery,reactJs etc.
   Whereas, Frameworks comprizes lots of API's, compliers, support program, library.
    Ex: AngularJS, VueJS, Spring, NodeJS etc.

3. What is CDN (Content Delivery Network)? 
A. CDN is content delivery network that fasten the transfer of assets needed for loading internet content 
   including HTML pages, javascripts files, stylesheet, images, videos etc.

4. What is Cross-Origin? 
A. Crossorigin attribute is used to set the mode of request to CORS (Cross origin resource sharing) request.
   Its purpose is to share the resources from one domain to another domain. It is used to handle CORS request and checks if it is safe to share resources between domains.

5. What is difference between React and React-Dom?
A. React is complete library which contain different package for diffrent pupose like their is react for 
   mobile app, for 3d model etc.
   But React-dom is one of the packege in React whose only purpose is to render the item into browser.

6. What is the difference between async and defer?
A. Async and defer are attributes of script tag used to specify how browser should handle the script when loading a page.

     By Default: While parsing the HTML code when browser encounters script tag, it pauses the parsing, fetches the script from network and executes the script then and there. Once the script is executed after that browser resumes HTML parsing.

     Using async attribute: While HTML parsing is going on, scripts are fetched from the network asynchronously, once scripts are fetched, HTML parsing pauses and scripts are executed then and there and once the scripts are executed, HTML parsing resumes.
                            
     Using defer attribute: Feches the script while HTML parsing is going on but executes the script only when HTML parsing is finished.   

7. What is difference between react.development.js and react.production.js files via CDN?
A. react.production and react.development both have same code but the difference is that react.production
   is minified code and much optimize to be used for our production app. 

8. Why is React known as React?
A. React renders everything that is changing in the webpage constantly. The change being made depends upon 
   the changes in the state of the application. So, reacting to every change in the state got React to be called React.

    *Interview*
1. .render will override all the content available into root container and that will be replaced with the content passed 
   under render function.