1. What is Microservices?
A. Microservices are the architectural and organizational approch to software developemnt where software are composed
   of small independent services that communicate over well defined APIs. These services are owned by small self-contained teams.

2. What is Monalith architecture?
A. Monalith architecture is like big container, wherein all the software components of an app are assembled and tightly
   coupled, i.e. each components fully depend on each other.

3. What is diffrence between Monalith and Microservices?
A. A monalith application is built as a single unified unit while a microservices architecture is a collection of smaller,
   independent deployable services.

4. Why do we need useEffect hook?
A. useEffect hook is a tool which help us to interact with outside world but not affect the rendering or performance of 
   the components that it is in.

5. What is optional chaining?
A. Optional chaining is a process for quering and calling properties, method on an optional that might be null. If the
   optinal contain value the property or method call succeed, if the optional is null the property or method call return
   null.

6. What is Shimmer UI?
A. Shimmer is temporary animation placeholder for when a service call takes time to return data and we don't want to block
   rendering the rest of UI.

7. What is difference between JS statement and JS expression?
A. An expression is any valid unit of code that resolves to a value wheras statement is a unit of code perform an action.

8. What is conditional rendering? Explain with eaxample.
A. In React conditional rendering referes to process of delivering elements and componets based on certain conditions.
   example: 
      const status = false;
      {
         status? <h1>You are active user</h1> : <h1>You are in-active user</h1>
      }

9. What is CORS?
A. CORS is mechanism that allow restricted resources on web-page to be requested from another domain outside the domain 
   from which the first resources was shared.

10. What is async and await?
A. async keyword before the function make the function return promise where as await keyword are always used inside the
   async function and make the function pause execution untill resolved promise is returned.

11. What is the use of `const json = await data.json()` in getResturant().
A. data.json is function on data object that let you extract the json object from the data. This method return promise so
   you have to wait for json.
